Fix method descriptions in <input> element article (#12498)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/input/index.md

The following methods are provided by the {{domxref("HTMLInputElement")}} interface which represents `<input>` elements in the DOM. Also available are those methods specified by the parent interfaces, {{domxref("HTMLElement")}}, {{domxref("Element")}}, {{domxref("Node")}}, and {{domxref("EventTarget")}}.

- {{domxref("HTMLInputElement.checkValidity", "checkValidity()")}}

>   - : Returns `true` if the element's value passes validity checks; otherwise, returns `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns `true` if the element's value passes validity checks; otherwise, returns `false` and fires an {{domxref("HTMLInputElement.invalid_event", "invalid")}} event at the element.
```

- {{domxref("HTMLFormElement.reportValidity", "reportValidity()")}}

>   - : Immediately runs the validity check on the element, triggering the document to fire the {{domxref("HTMLInputElement.invalid_event", "invalid")}} event at the element if the value isn't valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Returns `true` if the element's value passes validity checks; otherwise, returns `false`, fires an {{domxref("HTMLInputElement.invalid_event", "invalid")}} event at the element, and (if the event isn't canceled) reports the problem to the user.
```
